# About the Workshop
More than 26 billion devices are expected to be connected to the Internet by 2020 which emphasize the need of Internet of Things (IoT). As exciting as that sounds, the volume of connected devices necessitate an improved system capacity and spectrum efficiency, an improved power consumption of user devices and an extended lifetime for the connected devices. Narrow Band Internet of Things (NB-IoT) meticulously absorb all such features with all the advantages like wide area ubiquitous coverage, fast upgrade of existing network, low-power consumption guaranteeing 10 year battery life, high coupling, low terminal cost, plug and play, high reliability and high network security. Narrow Band-Internet of Things (NB-IoT) is a standards-based low power wide area (LPWA) technology developed to enable a wide range of new IoT devices and services. NB-IoT for smart city can transform every sector of a nation’s economy. Smart city integrates information and technology to ensure economic and environmental sustainability. Latest trends such as analytics, social networks, predictive modeling, disaster risk reduction and response can be incorporated into smart cities with the aid of NB-IoT. The goal of the workshop, Technology Enabler for Smart Cities (TESC-2019), is to provide a forum where diverse group of researchers can share the latest research insights, present key and novel results on NB-IoT technology facilitators, including novel system architecture, and wireless techniques, explore different smart city applications, and identify new challenges and opportunities.
